(Publish date: on hold)  - Cumulative metrics transition guide (#11876)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/more-integrations/open-source-telemetry-integrations/opentelemetry/best-practices/opentelemetry-best-practices-metrics.mdx

Cumulative sums are handled differently depending on whether they're monotonic or non-monotonic. 

* Non-monotonic cumulative sums are mapped to the [gauge](/docs/telemetry-data-platform/understand-data/metric-data/metric-data-type/#metric-types) metric type.

> * Monotonic cumulative sums are mapped to our [cumulativeCount](/docs/telemetry-data-platform/understand-data/metric-data/metric-data-type/#metric-types) metric type. This is true with the exception of accounts existing before March 14, 2023, which use `gauge`: see [our transition guide](/docs/more-integrations/open-source-telemetry-integrations/opentelemetry/get-started/cumulative-metrics-transition-guide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Monotonic cumulative sums are mapped to our [cumulativeCount](/docs/telemetry-data-platform/understand-data/metric-data/metric-data-type/#metric-types) metric type. This is true with the exception of accounts that were sending cumulative monotonic sums before March 14, 2023, which continue to be mapped to the `gauge` metric type: see [our transition guide](/docs/more-integrations/open-source-telemetry-integrations/opentelemetry/get-started/cumulative-metrics-transition-guide).
```

Let me know if this is too verbose, I'm okay to pare it back.
